[AKIRA] My brother's
acting really strange.
The way things are going,
my friends'll be killed!
So I decided it was up to me
to investigate what
was wrong with him!
Saying goodbye was hard,
but once it's all over,
I'll beg for forgiveness!
[AKIRA] The Yui I know would
never do this kinda stuff.
If I explain, I'm sure the
others will understand!
Everyone will make up and
we'll have a happy ending!
I call this the
"Everyone Gets Along" operation!
At least it was supposed
to be. What happened?
[NOBIMARU CLONES groan]
[AKIRA] Why are Yui
and Nobimaru fighting?
One of them is
totally gonna die!
[grunts]
[AKIRA]
Yui!
What's wrong, you okay?
[NOBIMARU] Thanks, Akira!
The nullstone is mine!
So that's what
you're after, is it?
Don't bother.
Your kind is far too
weak against the cold.
You can't even
stand to touch it.
Yeah. I noticed that.
[NOBIMARU] So, that's what
it means to feed on life.
This is a hot mess.
Which is why that bitch
ordered me to do it.
She doesn't give a crap
what happens to my body!
No. Now isn't the time to
get upset with Lady Inari.
Pull yourself together,
there's no need to be crude.
If I can't touch
the stone directly,
I'll just have to recover
the whole person.
Though taking someone
alive is not my forte.
I could kill him in
any number of ways,
but incurring the tanuki's
wrath isn't worth it.
[NOBIMARU]
Wait! That might work!
The last one.
Got you.
[NOBIMARU gasps]
I'm a split second too late!
It's gonna hit!
[KABANE]
Sorry, Nobimaru.
I was moving too fast to adjust.
C'mon, give me a break.
Just because you
don't feel pain,
doesn't mean other people don't.
Let me help.
Huh. You're one of
Akira's friends.
Our only option is to knock
him out and capture him.
Do you have some kind of plan?
[KABANE]
Nope.
[NOBIMARU] Problem is, we can't
get close enough to land a hit
on him because
he'll freeze us,
and even if you could
get close enough,
he'll just block with his ice.
So that means it'll take
one blow to break through
his ice defense, and another
to actually knock him out.
Two solid hits.
That's gonna be tough.
I don't suppose you
have any strategies?
Well, let me think...
I may have something
clever in mind.
Oh! I will not let this
cage get the best of me!
[gasps]
I'm out!
[grunts]
[AKIRA]
Aw great! Now I'm stuck!
Uh...? What's that light?
[YUI]
My ice is melting!
No way...
To counter my attacks,
you set yourself on fire?
Kabane's body's able
to regenerate.
He's his own
renewable fuel source.
So, I thought up this plan.
The Kabane barbecue tactic.
[gasps]
Nice. He certainly has the
upper hand in strength!
Hopefully Akira will forgive
him if he ends up breaking
both of the guy's arms.
Why, you!
[YUI]
Tokyo. Kemonoist.
Inugami.
A-Akira.
[YUI]
Must protect. Akira!
Hold on!
You're copying us,
that's plagiarism!
--[shouts]
--[YUI grunts]
[AKIRA]
Yui! Nobimaru!
Someone, please!
[AKIRA]
The fog is getting really thick.
Probably from the fire
and ice clashing.
I have to hurry,
or one of them will
end up dead--
Hold on. Wait a sec.
If that's fog, that means...
[AKIRA]
Duh! Fog is water vapor!
Perfect!
[grunts]
[yells]
[KABANE, YUI grunting]
[KABANE]
His ice is overpowering me!
Nobimaru! Turn up the heat!
I can't!
If the combustion rate exceeds
your regeneration rate,
then your body will
begin to break down.
It'll make you weaker!
I can bear a few seconds!
Hurry!
That's so Kabane.
It's exactly what
I love about him.
All right, I won't hold back!
[NOBIMARU]
Flame power: max!
[KABANE yells]
[gasps]
[KABANE]
First!
Second!
Not enough!
Hit him again, now!
[KABANE grunts]
[NOBIMARU]
His leg!
[KABANE]
Come on!
Stop!
[gasps]
Was... that really Kabane?
Akira. What are you doing?
Stay away, it's dangerous.
Y-You're hurt!
[NOBIMARU] Well, well.
It finally happened.
I wasn't certain it would,
so I didn't include it
as part of my plan.
But this is a relief.
Seems we've won!
Yui, what's he mean?
Someone tell me what's going on!
Your brother's run
out of energy.
It's because of the nullstone.
He's been giving his life to it.
He may have a tolerance,
but he wasn't able to
completely cancel it out.
If you leave him here alone,
he'll likely wither
away and die.
[AKIRA]
No!
Hey! Please don't
misplace your resentment.
Your brother used the stone's
power for his own gain
and brought this
fate upon himself.
Blaming us is just cruel.
--[KABANE] Wait.
--Oh my.
We can't let him die.
I haven't been able to ask
him about the nullstone yet.
And more importantly,
Akira's "light" wasn't us.
It was his brother!
So he can't die!
The... nullstone.
[BOTH gasp]
Don't do this to me.
I won't lose you
over this, understand?
You're such a big dummy!
The two of us are supposed
to be twins, aren't we?
Why are only you like this?
Take your pain, your fear,
hardships and suffering
and give me half!
Yui. Stay with me!
[gasps]
[AKIRA] My head's being flooded
with thoughts that aren't mine.
Are these... his memories?
[YUI]
This village is dead.
With a single male born
every hundred years,
God may as well be
telling us to die out.
♪
[YUI gasps]
How dare you.
How dare you deceive
me like this!
Akira. You stole
his beautiful life!
Hear me, nullstone!
Feel the sorrow within my soul!
Kabane, did you feel that?
It was bizarre.
For a second there,
I could sense his memories.
[KABANE]
Akira!
[AKIRA]
I was so clueless.
It may have been rare, but I
loved when you smiled, too.
So please. Hang in there.
Cause we finally
made it to Tokyo!
We'll make so many new,
happy memories.
The two of us can
start fresh together.
I promise.
[AKIRA gasps]
Kabane.
I'll help.
[AKIRA gasps]
Tsk!
[YUI coughs]
Yui? Hey!
[KABANE gasps]
[KABANE]
What the...?
Inari.
[NOBIMARU] I thought it
was dangerous to touch.
You're absolutely right!
I have to wonder
if the lifestone
might be counteracting
the nullstone's power.
Did you know something
like this could happen?
That the two stones would fuse?
Whatever do you mean?
[INUGAMI]
That belongs to Kabane.
Why don't you give
it back, Inari.
Oh? But are you sure
this is the lifestone?
Couldn't it be the nullstone?
[INUGAMI]
If it's the nullstone,
then it belongs to
the snowy village.
But the village has fallen.
[INUGAMI] Two of these
kids are from there.
Show some tact.
[INARI] Overly-conscientious
men are such a pain.
Well, if I can't have
the nullstone,
then there's no point
in sticking around.
Let's go, Nobimaru.
[NOBIMARU]
Yes, Lady Inari.
Nobimaru!
Come to the clinic with us.
I bet Aya would heal your
right hand if we asked her to.
You were the one who
came up with the plan
to stop Akira's brother.
While I appreciate it,
I'll have to pass.
This injury was brought
on by my own gullibility,
so I'll keep it as a reminder.
See you later, everyone!
Take care.
[AYA] Let's see. If we add it
all up, it comes to this.
[SHIKI]
Are you nuts?!
[KABANE gasps]
[AKIRA]
Is someone out there?
Hey, Kabane.
Uh... I, uh...
I was hoping I could ask your
brother something once he's up.
No big deal,
sorry to bother you.
I'll just wait over there.
[AKIRA] Hold on! When I
said I hated you, I lied!
[gasps]
I'm sorry!
I thought it was my only option
to keep you guys alive.
But it was an awful
thing to say.
Truth is, I love everyone
so much it hurts!
You included! I love you a ton!
[gasps]
--[KABANE] That's great!
--[AKIRA] I'm sorry!
[KABANE]
That's great!
[INUGAMI]
Turn down the dance party, yeah?
[YUI]
Sir Kabane, thank you.
For stopping me.
You're welcome.
[INUGAMI] I got a rundown
of what happened,
but you'd know best.
Is the snowy village
really gone?
[YUI]
Mm-hm.
Those women deceived me.
And in despair, I gave myself
over to the nullstone's power.
Before I knew it,
everything around me was white,
and the only things
on my mind were
"Tokyo", "Kemonoist", "Inugami",
and of course, Akira.
So even under the
stone's influence,
you remembered what was
most important to you.
I'm lucky.
I met Inugami immediately
after coming here,
so I made it out without
the women finding me.
Surprised you got away safe.
Well, first I collapsed
from hunger.
But then some
humans rescued me.
It was smooth
sailing from there.
[INUGAMI chuckles]
Good thing you're cute, kid.
Would you do me a favor?
I'd like to know
about the nullstone.
They're stuck together,
but half of this was left
to me by my parents.
t's my only real
connection to them
and I could really
use another lead.
Can you tell me about it?
The history of the
snowy village goes back
about a thousand years.
The nullstone is said to
have already been there
at the beginning.
They even say that
the village itself
was created to enshrine it.
Let me ask you.
Have you heard about
the "Kemono Jihen?"
"Jihen," like "incidents"? No.
By "incidents," do you mean war?
[AKIRA]
Uh-oh, this is getting heavy.
I'm feeling sleepy!
[INUGAMI] Yes, between
kemono and humans.
Roughly a thousand years ago,
putting it shortly before
the snowy village.
Wait, you know about this stuff?
If something like that
actually happened,
then wouldn't it mean the
existence of kemono
has been known for a while?
[INUGAMI]
Kinda.
We were known about
a long time ago,
which is why war
initially broke out.
Apparently, it got
pretty gruesome.
The land was ravaged,
the rivers were contaminated,
and many were injured or killed,
human and kemono alike.
To repair the world,
the kemono mustered
all they had to undo
the damage, and wipe
the human's memories, hoping
to reset their relationship.
That turning point allowed our
kind to hide in plain sight.
It's a part of Japanese history
only kemono know about.
The Kemono Jihen.
That's wild.
Of course you'd be familiar.
Should've guessed.
[INUGAMI] My bad,
didn't mean to interrupt.
A conflict like that can never
be allowed to happen again.
Which is supposedly why the
kemono stones were created.
The ones who imbued the
stones with their might
were the most capable
kemono of their age.
By passing them down
to their descendants
and other native kemono,
their goal was for us to
keep each other in line,
and to preserve the
balance of power.
So you mean they made weapons
in order to prevent fighting?
Counter-productive.
[INUGAMI] Kemono aren't
one big, happy family.
Keeping everyone in line
through force works best.
If your parents left
that stone to you,
it means either your mother
or father must have been
a fairly prestigious
kemono chief.
[BOTH gasp]
[KABANE]
They were... a chief?
[INUGAMI] It's also possible
they were given it,
or found it.
[YUI]
Yeah, that could be true.
[INUGAMI]
Wanna go find out?
There are kemono stones
scattered all over Japan.
And there's no question,
your stone is one of those
extraordinary pieces.
The families that pass
down such items
tend to be pretty high
up on the food chain
in their respective regions.
If we go digging,
I bet we'll find a clue or
two as to how your parents
got a hold of that.
Hey, that's sick, man!
Before now, they would
have been tight lipped
if we came sniffing around.
That's true.
If a stranger came up and
asked me about the stones,
I likely wouldn't have
bothered responding.
If you're lucky
enough to have one,
the stones can be
your ace in the hole.
Making the owners
talk is a tall order.
But now, we have that.
We can use the fact they
fuse with each other
as a kind of bargaining chip.
[AKIRA] Which makes us
one step closer
to learning more about
Kabane's mom and dad!
Sure does.
[AKIRA]
Hooray!
[SHIKI chuckles]
[AKIRA giggles]
[SHIKI, AKIRA]
Yay!
[NOBIMARU]
You sure about this, ma'am?
Backing off as
quickly as we did?
You mean after they
claimed ownership of it?
I don't want any
trouble with the tanuki.
At least, not yet. 'Kay?
It's not as if I've
actually given up
on the nullstone
or the lifestone.
I just need to get my hands
on it in a way that the tanuki
can't argue about.
Understood.
And we have just the
person for the job.
[INARI giggles]
I can't wait.
You can take the
nullstone with you.
It's best to have it close by
if you need it to negotiate.
Thanks for that.
When they got stuck together,
I have to admit I panicked.
It's the least I can do.
I hope it comes in handy.
You don't have to shoulder
all of this by yourself.
No matter what happens,
I'm gonna be right
here on your side.
[YUI]
Huh? Don't be ridiculous, Akira.
Have you forgotten the
fact that your friends
might have gotten
killed because of me?
Of course not!
But still. I don't want
to leave you alone again!
It'd be best that way.
What I've done is
far too grievous.
I gave in to spite,
got lost in it.
Then I sowed the
seeds of contention.
That's bad enough.
But the one who destroyed
our village was me.
I killed all the women,
and among the victims
were innocent children.
Those are unforgivable sins.
Would you shut up?
This isn't only your fault!
I mean, half of it
was 'cause of me!
Everything that you did
was to save me, wasn't it?
[YUI] You have nothing
to do with this.
Those actions were
done by my hand.
And that means the
burden is mine to carry.
[SHIKI, INUGAMI gasp]
How many times do
I have to say it?!
You tell me to keep to smiling,
but you have no idea
what makes me happy,
or what makes
me sad, or anything!
So lemme spell it out
and make it clear.
I've always been happiest
when I'm with you!
But not being able to
help you upsets me!
Understand?
Akira, lil' chilly.
[AKIRA yelps]
Sorry!
[KABANE] I don't know everything
about right and wrong.
But the way I see it,
you're a good guy.
Wait a minute.
Are you suggesting
you can forgive me?
Well, that's par for the course
with our lil' deputy here.
Listen, Akira's clumsiness
is way more trouble
than you've been.
Come on, way too soon, dude!
[AKIRA] Yui, remember how
you used to say that together
we could handle what
one of us could not?
Well now...
we're together again.
[gasps]
[YUI] I thought as long as
you were smiling, I'd be fine.
But now... I know
that I was wrong.
Those sweets you liked,
what were they called again?
Crepes?
Next time,
we're gonna share one.
I hope you can forgive me.
Yeah!
[AKIRA]
Okay guys, hold out your hands.
Why?
[AKIRA] Cause I decided
we'd take a picture
once we patched things up!
Now shape your
fingers like mine.
The "Everyone Gets Along"
operation was a great success!
[SHIKI]
What are we doing?
[AKIRA]
Yay!
[KABANE]
Yay.
[KON hisses]
[NOBIMARU]
Oh, come on.
Seriously, you don't have
to be so wary of me.
[KON]
What do you want?
'm here tonight in order to
relay a special mission
from Lady Inari to you, Kon.
[KON gasps]
Really?
Yuck, please don't touch me.
Oops, was that out loud?
What kind of mission?
Just tell me!
[NOBIMARU] Alright, cool it.
You have one duty.
Win Kabane over, get close,
and take his stone.
At the present moment,
Kabane's lifestone has
taken on a different form.
For convenience,
we're going to be calling
it a Kemonostone.
Anyway, play on his feelings
and get him to turn
it over to you.
You mustn't take it by force.
Careful not to fall
short of Lady Inari's
expectations of you.
[AKIRA] Um. Can you fix
Nii- san for me, pretty please?
[KABANE]
I'd like that, too.
Yeah, same, I guess.
The bulk of the server
maintenance is done,
so I'm too busy right now.
However, I'll be around
during updates
and when my guildies
don't need me.
If you wait 'til then,
I'll take care of it.
Thanks so much, you rock!
You may continue to
venerate and praise me.
Now, I can go out and travel
with peace of mind.
Yui said he wanted to go on
a journey to find himself,
so I thought I'd join
him for the start of it!
Oops, sorry Inugami, but it
means I'll be missing work.
Take your time.
We're gonna be out of the
office for a while, too.
Don't sweat it, champ.
[AKIRA giggles]
Well, I'm off!
[door closes]
Now then. The place
we're headed to is, uh...
Shikoku.
[INUGAMI] Yup, but it's
also where I'm from.
It's got the perfect person
for us to talk to.
They've also got a stone.
Ah, Shiki...?
Sorry. I'm staying home.
Wait, so you're not
coming with us?
[SHIKI]
Hey, don't give me that face.
There's something I
wanna deal with here.
But I'm still gonna fulfill my
promise to you. Count on it.
Yeah.
[SHIKI]
Hm!
[INUGAMI] Okay, let's
close things up here.
[NOBIMARU] I have a pretty good
idea of where Kabane's heading.
Your job is to go with
them and act as a spy.
[KABANE] I'd like to stop
by the park on the way,
if that's all right.
The park?
Ah, the kitsune girl.
Well played, heartbreaker.
[KON grunts]
Kon! What perfect timing.
I hear that you're
going to Shikoku.
I'm coming, too.
That place has a
lot of yummy fish.
You're amazing.
How were you able to figure out
that's where we were headed?
[KON gasps]
Inari gave you the order to
come with us, didn't she?
No! You're wrong!
That's not it at all!
Sure 'bout that?
[KON]
Yes! I'm a good girl!
I don't go around
telling lies, okay?
[KON]
Except the one I just told.
Rotten tanuki!
[KABANE]
So, can she?
[INUGAMI]
If it's cool with you.
Huh?
I'll bill Inari for
all your expenses.
[KON] It worked!
I really am a good girl!
But you should hide your tail.
Sorry to keep you
waiting for so long.
Time to finally get started
on your request, kiddo.
If I agree to work
for you, Inugami,
do you think I could
meet my parents?
[chuckles]
[INUGAMI]
Well, let's roll!
[KABANE]
Right!
♪